# 1. Testing a Real World Object
### Steps
1. Who will use it?
2. Why will it be used?
3. What are the used cases?
4. What are the bounds of use?
5. What are the conditions that it is used?
6. What are the stress / failure conditions?
7. How would you perform the testing?

# 2. Testing a Piece of Software
### Concepts
1. Manual vs. Automation
2. Black Box Testing vs White Box Testing
   1. Black Box Testing : Given the software as-is and need to test it
   2. White Box Testing : Provided additional programmatic access to test individual functions
### Steps
1. Are we doing Black Box Testing or White Box Testing?
2. Who will use it? And why?
3. What are the use cases?
4. What are the bounds of use? (More specific usages)
   1. Degree of false positives and false negatives
5. What are the stress conditions/ failure conditions?
6. What are the test cases? How would you perform the testing?
   1. Manual vs. Automation
   2. Black Box Testing vs White Box Testing


# 3. Testing a Function
1. Define the test cases.
   1. Normal Cases
   2. The extremes
      1. Empty, one element, large size
   3. Nulls and illegal inputs
   4. Strange inputs
      * ex) Sorted or Reverse sorted array for the sorting algorithm
2. Define the expected results.
3. Write a test code.
   * ex)
     ```python
     def test_add_three_sorted(){
        L = MyList()
        L.add_three_sorted(3, 1, 2)
        assert_equals(L[0], 1)
        assert_equals(L[1], 2)
        assert_equals(L[2], 3)
     }
     ```


# 4. Troubleshooting Questions
### Steps
1. Understand the Scenario
   * How long has the user been experiencing this issue? 
   * What version of the browser is it? What operating system? 
   * Does the issue happen consistently, or how often does it happen? When does it happen? 
   * Is there an error report that launches?
2. Break Down the Problem 
   * Go to Windows Start menu.
   * Click on Chrome icon.
   * Browser instance starts.
   * Browser loads settings.
   * Browser issues HTIP request for homepage
   * Browser gets HTIP response.
   * Browser parses webpage.
   * Browser displays content
3. Create Specific, Manageable Tests
   * Provide instructions that user can DO.